[Music]
one Sunday Tom told his brother Dan that
he was going hiking with his friend
Chris the next Saturday
the police found Tom dead in the forest
hmm Dan said he had been working all
week as for Chris he was found wandering
along the highway he explained that he
had gotten lost in the forest almost
immediately after they arrived and just
found his way home one of the guys was
lying who was it you have ten seconds to
figure it out look at Chris he's too
well shaven for a man who spent a week
in the woods there are five girls in the
room Ashley is drawing Olivia is reading
Maria is playing hide and seek and Emma
is tiding up with Sarah doing you have
ten seconds to find the answer Sarah is
playing hide and seek with Maria of
course two boys are standing at the
seashore one is looking south and the
other is looking north and still they
can see each other how so
[Music]
while they're facing each other of
course you knew that one didn't you
which number is missing two three four
two three what a small hint it's not
four
you have ten seconds to do the math
[Music]
number five is missing the subsequent
number of two three four is two three
five a woman invited her friend over for
dinner for dessert she cut an apple in
half and offered her friend one half
along with some whipped cream on the
side
she then ate her piece of the same Apple
the friend died from poisoning but the
host survived despite eating from the
same Apple how is that possible the
poison was in the whipped cream you see
a bathtub filled with water you have a
spoon a cup in a bucket which will you
choose to empty the bathtub you have 10
seconds to choose
[Music]
obviously choose to pull out the plug 5
plus 5 Plus 5 plus 5 equals 555 you have
10 seconds to add one number and make
the equation correct PS you can't cross
the equal sign five four five plus five
plus five equals 555 two people are
standing near the river both of them
want to get to the opposite bank but the
boat can only hold one of them and still
they both managed to get across the
river how they were on the opposite
riverbanks a rich man mr. Thomas Greene
had been kidnapped and the detective
assigned to his case found a note at the
crime scene it read 1st of January 4th
of October 5th of March 3rd of June the
detective guessed that the kidnappers
name was hidden in the note the suspects
were Jack green the rich man's son and
heir June green the man's wife and John
Jacobson mr. greens employee the
detective deduced the name of the
kidnapper in no time can you do the same
in 10 seconds
[Music]
first of January means the first letter
of the word January J fourth of October
indicates the fourth letter of the word
October o the fifth of March stands for
the fifth letter of the word March H
third of June is the third letter of the
word June and so John Jacobson was the
one that kidnapped mr. Greene someone
entered a dark room they brushed against
something some glass broke and someone
died what happened you have ten seconds
to solve this mystery an aquarium with a
goldfish got smashed
[Music]
if it's raining at midnight can you
expect that in 72 hours it will be sunny
you have ten seconds to forecast the
weather nope in 72 hours it's going to
be night again a person is sitting but
even if they stand up you won't be able
to occupy their place where is this
person sitting ten seconds to find the
answer the person is sitting on your lap
hey don't blame me
what's a security guard doing when a
bird is sitting on his head
[Music]
he's sleeping they give me a job to do
every morning but when I do it they
still tell me off Who am I
[Music]
I'm an alarm clock
and yes it's a thankless job how can you
put a whole cucumber into a glass bottle
without cutting the cucumber or damaging
the bottle you have 10 seconds to find
the answer
[Music]
place a baby cucumber still on its stem
into the bottle then let it grow inside
once a young girl dropped her ring into
a cup full of coffee but the ring
remained dry you have 10 seconds to
understand how there were coffee beans
in the cup oh come on now what do you
call the fear of Santa Claus
[Music]
[Applause]
claustrophobia I like that one the king
told his three daughters to place three
identical kettles with the same amount
of water on the fire the King promised
that the husband of the daughter whose
kettle would boil first would become his
heir surprisingly his youngest daughters
kettle boiled first use your 10 seconds
to understand why her kettle boiled
first the other daughters kept lifting
their kettles lids to check if the water
was already boiling oops
a man was found dead in a field of snow
the only evidence that was left was a
set of footprints between two parallel
lines who should the police be looking
for you have ten seconds to find out the
truth
a person in a wheelchair a shoe shiner
offers his services to passers-by
completely for free but those who agree
to his offer end up paying him of their
own free will
how so the man shines one shoe for free
people don't want to look silly in just
one clean shoe and have to pay for the
shining of the other one
[Music]
Ethan spent three days in the hospital
and was absolutely healthy when he left
still he had to be carried out of the
hospital why 10 seconds to crack this
mystery
[Music]
Ethan was a newborn baby a man called
his wife from the office and told her he
would be home at 8 o'clock they didn't
have any plans for that evening and
still when he arrived at 2 minutes past
8:00 his wife was furious what made her
so angry the woman thought that her
husband would come home by 8:00 p.m. but
he arrived at 8:02 a.m. the next morning
in what case will three boys one adult
man four girls and a cat remain dry
under just one umbrella they'll be dry
if it doesn't rain a wealthy man lived
alone in a small cottage he was disabled
so he had everything delivered to him
the mailman brought a letter on Thursday
and noticed that the front door was ajar
through the opening he could see the
man's body lying in a pool of dried
blood on the porch there were two
bottles of milk
Monday's newspaper a catalog some flyers
and unopened mail when Sherlock Holmes
got to the cottage he told the police
the killer was the mailman how did he
know you have ten seconds to figure it
out
[Music]
Tuesday and Wednesdays newspapers were
missing from the porch the mailman knew
the man didn't need them since he was
dead a man who was standing on the
sidewalk dropped a tomato from the
height of six feet but it wasn't damaged
at all how so ten seconds to unravel
this mystery the man managed to catch
the tomato before it hit the ground why
would he do that
it doesn't say here I met a stranger
yesterday and immediately knew who he
was I hadn't seen this person before and
no one had ever described him to me he
wasn't a celebrity and he wasn't doing
anything unusual you have ten seconds to
figure out how I knew who it was
[Music]
the man was the twin brother of my
acquaintance why hasn't anyone conquer
the biggest extinct volcano even though
it's not under water and can be clearly
seen 10 seconds for you to crack this
riddle this volcano is on Mars a father
tells his teenage daughter you arrive
very late at 3 a.m. and made us all
worry a lot
I don't want this situation to repeat
his daughter though replies that it will
never repeat how could she be so sure
10 seconds to figure it out the father
was talking about the birth of his
daughter
two friends left for a climbing trip but
only one returned he said that his
friend had slipped while climbing and
died however the police arrested him
saying we received a call from your
travel agent
we know you murdered your friend how did
they know it was a murder try to find
the answer in ten seconds
[Music]
[Applause]
the man had bought a return ticket for
himself and a one-way ticket for his
friend you're sitting on an airplane
there is a horse in front of you and a
car behind you what's happening here on
a merry-go-round an art expert paid big
money at an auction for a painting that
he knew didn't cost anything he was an
honest man and didn't have any criminal
intentions why did he buy this picture
hopefully ten seconds will be enough for
you to guess his motives although the
painting cost nothing its frame was a
beautiful and expensive piece of art
one chemist found out that a particular
reaction last 480 minutes if he's in a
suit jacket but one hour and 20 minutes
if he's in his lab coat you have 10
seconds to explain this phenomenon 80
minutes is the same as one hour in 20
minutes why can't a police officer
opened the door in his pajamas there are
no doors in pajamas arrest that man
Evan called the police saying he found
his friend Liam murdered by the seashore
he said he let Liam live in his beach
house in California for a week to enjoy
some summer heat but when Evan arrived
from a month of work in Argentina to
join his friend he found him dead when
the police arrived they instantly
realized the man was lying you have ten
seconds to guess why
[Music]
if it was summer in California it was
winter in Argentina but Evan was
sunburned it means he was in California
not in Argentina once a man parked his
car in front of his house came in exited
the house with a bucket of water and
poured the water on the sidewalk ten
seconds for you to guess why he did it
he was planning to wash his car but
while he was away his car got stolen a
[Music]
small store in New York is called Seven
Bells but there are eight bells hanging
outside the owner can easily correct
this mistake but he doesn't can you
figure out his reasons in 10 seconds at
first it was just a mistake but later
the owner noticed that people often came
to his store to inform him about this
error and it increased his sales a man
and his sister were doing some shopping
suddenly the man pointed at a young man
and said that guy is my nephew but his
sister answered right but he's not my
nephew how is it possible you have ten
seconds to crack this mystery
[Music]
the young man was the woman's son and
accordingly
her brother's nephew a man wakes up from
a two-day coma after a car accident
with a case of amnesia suddenly two
women arrive at the hospital one of them
says she's his wife and the other says
they have kids who's lying you have to
find the answer in just 10 seconds the
woman who says they're married is lying
she isn't wearing a wedding ring where
can you see rivers but no water cities
but no buildings forests but no trees
you have 10 seconds to crack this
mystery
[Music]
you can see them on a map one town had a
weird law that said all men had to be
clean-shaven but no man was allowed to
shave himself the only person who is
licensed to shave them was a 40 year old
hairdresser but who shaved the
hairdresser there was no need the
hairdresser was a woman how can you
throw a tennis ball in such a way that
it'll get back to you just throw it up
[Music]
the son of the professor's father talks
to the father of the professor's son and
the professor doesn't take part in this
conversation kin-yuen Ravel this family
riddle in 10 seconds
[Music]
the professor is a woman and the people
talking are her brother and her husband
during a fire a bank was robbed the
security guard told the police that he
wanted to save a bag of money but he had
to crouch to tie his boot just in front
of the emergency accident at that moment
the door opened and hit him on the head
when he came to the money was missing
why was the security guard arrested
[Music]
all emergency doors open outwards we get
it three times in a lifetime the first
two times are free but we have to pay a
lot for the third time what is it
[Music]
it's our tea after the bank had been
robbed the police found the money in the
park
among cacti after the police officers
arrested all the suspects they almost
immediately figured out who was the bank
robber can you do the same in ten
seconds the criminal had scratches left
by cacti all over his body
[Music]